Frankenstein (c) 1987 CLR Group PLC - Complete Documentation
------------------------------------------------------------

FRANKENSTEIN

BY ROD PIKE

Thus it was that I came to the Pinnacle of my researches. Convinced that I
had been given divine insight, I made a momentous and subsequently
catastrophic decision. I, Doctor Victor Frankenstein, would create a human
being, a beautiful person of high intellect. Then...Then I would breathe
life into him!

Oh how conceited we mortals are! For months I worked, through day and
night. With only feeble daylight, barely able to penetrate the now filthy
windows, to comfort me. By night...By night my task took on an unearthly,
bizarre atmosphere. My...creation lit by a guttering oil lamp assumed a
hideous countenance. Its flesh not pink and soft, but of coarse and waxen
pallor. Its eyes...Just staring...Devoid of all emotion. Glazed, watery:
A dull jaundiced yellow.

Because of the delicate surgery involved I had chsen to work to the
largest scale possible. I paid unofficial visits to charnel houses to
select, and subsequently amputate the most powerful pieces for my jigsaw.
What gruesome work! Corpses vacantly staring as I hacked them apart!

So..On a damp and misty evening in November I brought it to life! What a
fool I was! Its eyes slowly focused on me. It arose, ponderously and in
apparent pain. It staggered towards me reaching out with its massive arms.
A gutteral cry exuded from its twisted, misshapen lips. A base and animal
like sound! As this...abomination approached, towering above me, I felt
that a cruel trick had been played on me. I had the power of life, the
ability to create something beaytiful. Yet before me stood the results of
my pathetic effort. Ugly and deformed. Covered in a network of livid scar
tissue. His black lifeless hair fell across his face which was hideous
beyond belief. Panic seized me...I turned and fled, leaving the door open.

I paced the streets all night unable to think of anything other than my
foolhardiness. The sun was rising as I returned to my house. My heart
pounded! What would I find? I entered furtively, looking beyond every
shadow. Then I summoned up enough courage to enter my laboratory...
Nothing! He was gone, Oh happy day!

That was four years ago. I had virtually erased him from my memory, and
my researchers now followed a more conventional approach. Then tragedy
struck. My sister, a mere twenty two years old was murdered. A monstrous
giant was seen to strangle her before hurling her body from a cliff top,
onto the rocks below. My duty is clear. To her memory, and to the world,
I must find him and destroy him if I can!

One thing I have learned from this, is man's place in the scheme of
things. True, I gave the being life, strength and movement. What I could

never give him was...a soul...

PART ONE: HARD JOURNEY

Doctor Frankenstein has arrived at his fathers house in Switzerland.
From here he plans to start the hunt for the monster that he created
four years previously. This being, who so brutally murdered his younger
sister must be destroyed. The creature has been sighted over the years,
but no one has had the courage to track him down. The last reliable
sightings were in the mountain range, on the other side of the lake.


PART TWO: THE SLAYING

The Doctor is fortunate enough to discover a cottage in the woods,
where he can get shelter from the cold night. The old blind man and the
young women who reside there have an horrific and tragic tale to tell.
The morning brings horrors anew, which harden the Doctor's resolve to
destroy his creation.

On arrival at the village of Chamont, he decides, after talking to one
or two people , that he must fully arm and eqip himelf if he is to stand
a chance. This is not quite so simple. You didn't really expect it to be
did you?

And so he embarks on his journey. Here, his adversary mockingly displays
his superhuman agility...and yet never gets so far ahead, that the
Doctor loses the scent. Odd...most odd.

The final confrontation takes place in a derelict chateau, high in a
mountain pass. Make no mistake about it. There will be blood and carnage
at the end...There has to be...The question is...Whose blood?...

PART 3: THE MONSTER'S STORY

A being wakes...He knows nothing of who or where he is. All he has are
vague images in his mind, which mean nothing to him...and a lot of pain.

You will play out his part and discover what made him a killer. But in
doing so, you must increase your IQ level. After all you started off
knowing nothing, and to survive you must learn quickly...very quickly.

GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS

LOADING: Shift Run/Stop

SAVING PART GAME: Insert blank tape. type SAVE and press return. Type
in your game save name and press return. On completion of save, you will
be returned to your saved position.

LOADING A SAVED GAME: Load in the main game. Then insert your game save
tape and type LOAD and press return. Then enteryour saved name, press
return and you will be taken to your saved position.

SPECIAL COMMANDS AND INSTRUCTIONS

For Inventory type X in all parts

Review location situation, type LOOK, LOOK AROUND, SEARCH, EXPLORE and
EXAMINE things and places.

Multiple commands are possible if separated by 'and' or 'then' or ','.
ie: Get the knife and throw it. Or, get the gun, load it, fire gun.

Directional commands are usual N,S,E,W,U,D.

Part two conatins a conversation module. To engage in speech enter SAY,
(don't forget the command followed by your message. Try not to make
your conversation to complex though! ie: say, have you seen the monster
(return) would be accepted.

Part three is a bit different. You are responsible for the monster's
intelligence, among other things. Monitor this with IQ (return). In fact
you have a lot of responsibility in this part. Use all senses of
thought, sight, smell, hearing etc, (think, watch, listen and so on).
For this, coupled with your experiences will increase your IQ.

One final word. To retain the integrity of Mary Shelly's original
character, part three will only be accessible to those of you who
complete parts one and two. I request that players getting this far,
keep the relevant information a secret, after all, it was hard won. This
will ensure that the pleasure for other players will not be spoiled.

Rod Pike

Instructions typed by Paul Thompson, March 2003
